It's like who has no money
You have money?
You're not spending a married man's money.
This money is still half of our Nan Nan
It would be good if we Nan Nan didn't find you to catch up.
You're still hanging around
You you what you
Stop arguing, both of you
Want me to say?
Y'all try on this suit.
Compare to see who is more suitable
Why is Nan Nan so beautiful?
Will you still lose to him?
This is copper.
This is the designer of the red copper.
He decides who gets the place.
Is it okay?
Do I want to keep the soil buns fresh or give them up properly?
It's not certain who will humiliate themselves
Have you decided yet?
Whoever tries first, I'll go first
I don't wear other people's haunts
Ok this way please
You must look better in this dress than her